Basic Terms of UV License

1 Definition of terms

    1.1 Avatar: refers to the character with unique name, appearance and figure, etc. designed by the copyright holder. It may include personality setting in some cases.
    1.2 Asset: refers to digital data of characters, accessories and costumes, etc. which are usable on a computer.
    1.3 The Model, etc.: refers to 3D model and Asset in relation to the relevant 3D model which are subject to these Terms.
    1.4 The Copyright Holder: refers to a person holding a copyright in relation to the Model, etc.
    1.5 The License: refers to the contents of the basic terms and the individual terms of UV License set out to the Model, etc. by the Copyright Holder.
    1.6 Users: refer to persons who have downloaded the Model, etc.
    1.7 Derivative Works: refer to copyrighted works created by adapting the Model, etc.

2 Formation of Users’ agreement

    The Users shall, upon their use of the Model, etc., be deemed to have fully understood the contents of the License and agreed thereto.

3 Purpose of accepting Derivative Works and conditions of alteration, etc.

    3.1 The Copyright Holder shall, by adopting UV License to the Model, etc., grant a worldwide, free, non-sublicensable and non-exclusive permission with respect to the use and adaptation (meaning production, etc. of Derivative Works through customization of the Model, etc.) of the Model intended to have the Users demonstrate their individualities. The use to be permitted shall be provided for in each item below:
    3.2 A User shall be entitled to commission a third party (hereinafter referred to as the “Entrusted Producer”) to alter the work to which UV License is adopted; provided, however, that he/she shall not be allowed to entrust the said alteration for a fee. In such a case, the User shall present the License to the Entrusted Producer in advance and cause him/her to agree to comply with the License. The Entrusted Producer shall use the Model, etc. only for the alteration of the Model, etc. and the User shall cause the Entrusted Producer to ensure that, after he/she has delivered the data of Derivative Works, completely delete the Model, etc. as well as the data of Derivative Works and not to use them privately.

4 Prohibition of acts that impede rights of the Copyright Holder

    In the event the method for using the Model, etc. acquired by a User through purchase or downloading is an act of impeding the gains which are deemed to have been obtained at the present or in the future by the Copyright Holder or an act of interfering with distribution, updating, or suspension of publication, etc. of the Model, etc. by the Copyright Holder, such acts shall be prohibited. In addition, the Users shall prohibit third parties who have obtained the Model, etc. or its Derivative Works via a User from conducting the foregoing acts.

5 Permission of alteration and parts diversion within the scope of personal non-commercial use by the Users

    Alteration and parts diversion of the Model, etc. within the scope of personal non-commercial use by the Users shall be included in the scope of permission. “Personal non-commercial use by the Users” refers to the usage methods as a whole which will not generate earnings to the Users through the use of the Model, etc.

6 Description of copyright holder’s name / Avatar name

    The Users shall, when they use or sell or purchase the Model, etc. and Derivative Works, describe the name of the Copyright Holder and the name of the Model; provided, however, that this shall not apply to the cases where there is no space to describe or where it is difficult to describe due to technical reasons, including data structure.

7 Usages to be prohibited in advance unless the individual terms are set out

    7.1 Personal commercial use by the Users shall not be accepted unless specifically referred to. If the Copyright Holder permits such use, it shall be provided for in the individual terms.
    7.2 Distribution and sale of the Model and Derivative Works shall not be accepted except where it is permitted under the individual terms.
    7.3 Diverting data containing the Model (mesh, bone, texture, weight information, etc.) when distributing or selling the Model and Derivative Works shall not be accepted except where it is permitted under the individual terms.
    7.4 Use when a User is a corporation shall not be accepted except where it is permitted under the individual terms.
    7.5 Political use or religious use shall not be accepted except where it is permitted under the individual terms.
    7.6 Use to adult contents shall not be accepted except where it is permitted under the individual terms.

8 Usages to be prohibited without exception

    8.1 Use for criminal acts and use for anti-social expressions shall not be accepted.
    8.2 Acts or purpose that are against public policy and use intended for the expressions of abusing third parties shall not be accepted.
    8.3 Pretending that data of the Model, etc. is a copyrightable work of the User himself/herself shall not be accepted.

9 Handling, etc. of breach of UV License

    9.1 In the event a User breaches UV License, any and all licensing shall automatically terminate, and the Copyright Holder may, at any time, cause the User to suspend the use and delete the relevant Model, etc. and Derivative Works.
    9.2 If a User infringes on the right of the Copyright Holder, whether by willful intent or by negligence, the Copyright Holder may claim compensation for damages against the User who has breached UV License.
    9.3 The Users shall be obligated to take measures, etc. within the scope to be ordinarily taken against unauthorized use such as ripping on their own responsibility.

10 Modification of the Terms

    10.1 UV License, which is a supply source of the License, may be changed along with diversification of handling method associated with usage purposes of models or avatar culture and personality in virtual space, which change from day to day. The most recent basic terms and individual terms described on UV License website shall apply to the License.
    10.2 These Terms may be modified, deleted or added from time to time pursuant to the preceding paragraph. In such a case, the updated Terms shall be described on relevant website together with the contents thereof, revision date and version.
